
Capitalized nouns are concepts that are described in text. 
() = not implemented yet.

Non-obvious 

User has a list of ReflectionCanvases.

Each ReflectionCanvas consists of linked Notes

Notes
    Contain a piece of text. 
    Note must have one parent Note, with the exception of the first note in each ReflectionCanvas, which doesn't have a parent.
    Note can have 0–n child Notes. These maintain their relative order (children are a list, not a set).
        -From multiple children it follows that notes can also have sibling notes.
        -From these parent/child -relations it follows that notes form a threaded discussion.
        -New notes can be inserted into any part in threads and notes can be rearranged, so the thread doesn't necessarily reflect the order of writing.          

    When pressing when writing a note, the note is saved and a new child note is added and the writing focus is moved there. The type of the child note depends on the type of current note.      
    Note has a timestamp.
    (Note has author) -- Not yet, because this is single user/local implementation only.
    Note can change its type (types are described below). 

    Theme
        Is a type of Note, the first Note in a ReflectionCanvas is always Theme. It is the theme or motivation of a reflection session, 'title' for a session. Theme note UI also has buttons for changing the background of reflection session.
        When a child note is created, the child note is of type 'Obvious'

    Obvious
        Is a type of Note, that can have any kind of Note as a parent. When a child Note is created from Obvious, the child Note is of type 'Reflection'. These are to 'pre-empty' obvious thoughts and notions about theme.

    Reflection
        Is a type of Note, that must have a parent Note of type Reflection or Obvious. Since these are added only after Obvious Notes, these are (by definition!) 2nd order thoughts about theme.

    Adjusted Theme
        Is a type of Note, that must have a parent Note of type Reflection or Obvious. Adjusted Themes are never automatically created as children, User can change Obvious or Reflection -note to  Adjusted Theme through UI. Adjusted themes are used to notify that the theme of reflection process has shifted from the original Theme.   

Background image
    ReflectionCanvas can have Background image associated with it. It is provided as a URL to image. Color theme for ReflectionCanvas and UI is generated automatically based on colors of the image.

Since the reflections are now stored in browser's datastore, they remain safe and from session to another, but are not available when user uses a different browser or a different machine. Load- and Save -actions are currently to support moving reflections from one browser to another or dumping them to text file.  

Load-action
    Load-action shows a panel with textarea. Saved ReflectionCanvases (JSON text dumps) can be pasted here and they will be loaded to overwrite current ReflectionCanvas, or all User's canvases if the dump is a list of canvases.

Save-action
    Save has three options:
    1) Save current ReflectionCanvas as a text. Dumps the current reflection as a tab-intended text, where Note texts are prepended by Note type.
    2) Export current ReflectionCanvas as a JSON file. This can be copy-pasted to another instance of Non-obvious.
    3) Export user's all ReflectionCanvases as a JSON file. This can be copy-pasted to another instance of Non-obvious    

